note
"On page 7, the handbook states 'Most people need a noncommercial Class C driver's license'. On page 1, it states 'For information on vehicles covered by a Class C visit dmv.ca.gov/dl.'"
"According to page 4 of the DMV handbook, 'When you are under 18 years old your driver's license will have the word provisional. As a provisional driver you cannot drive between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. during the first 12 months you have your license.'"
"The handbook states For information on vehicles covered by a Class C visit dmv.ca.gov/dl."
"The handbook states on page 7 that Most people need a noncommercial Class C driver's license. It then adds on the same page that For information on vehicles covered by a Class C visit dmv.ca.gov/dl. Therefore the answer is d Any house car 40 feet or less."
"It is illegal to wear a headset or earplugs in both ears while driving. It is illegal to wear a headset or earplugs in both ears while driving. (Page 9)"
"It is stated on page 9 that Fatigue and Drowsiness - Can affect your vision and increase reaction time to hazards. The best solution is to Drive to a safe place stop and rest."
"The handbook states that Prescription and over-the-counter medications can make you an unsafe driver. It also states that Some medicines can make you sleepy. Therefore the answer is c as the medications can impair driving and increase the negative effects of alcohol."
"The handbook states It is illegal to drive while under the influence of alcohol or any drug that affects your ability to drive safely. It also mentions You must be alert to quickly decide the correct course of action in any type of traffic situation including unexpected ones."
"The DMV handbook states that Prescription and over-the-counter medications can make you an unsafe driver. Some medicines can make you sleepy. It is your responsibility to know the effects of the medications you take."
"Page 9 of the DMV handbook states Fatigue and Drowsiness - Can affect your vision and increase reaction time to hazards."
"Page 9 of the California Driver's Handbook states Fatigue and Drowsiness - Can affect your vision and increase reaction time to hazards."
"According to the handbook It is illegal to wear a headset or earplugs in both ears while driving."
"The DMV handbook states on page 10 It is illegal to wear a headset or earplugs in both ears while driving."
"The DMV handbook states You should signal... Before pulling next to the curb or away from the curb."
"The handbook states Always signal when you turn change lanes slow down or stop."
"The text states You should signal: - At least 100 feet before you turn - Before every lane change - At least five seconds before you change lanes on a freeway."
"The DMV Handbook states that you should Always signal when you turn change lanes slow down or stop. This includes both turning left or right and changing lanes or merging."
"The handbook states that it is important to signal when making a turn changing lanes slowing down or stopping and that failing to do so could result in a ticket or cause an accident. The correct answer is all of the above."
"Bicyclists may signal a turn with their arm held straight out pointing in the direction they plan to turn. This information is located on page 10 of the handbook."
"The DMV Handbook states You should signal: ... Before pulling next to the curb or away from the curb."
"The DMV Handbook states that you should Always signal when you turn change lanes slow down or stop."
"According to the California Driver's Handbook you must signal at least 100 feet before you turn."
"The DMV handbook states on page 10: Use your vehicle's horn to let other drivers know you are there or warn others of a hazard. Use your horn to: - Avoid collisions. - Alert oncoming traffic on narrow mountain roads where you cannot see at least 200 feet ahead."
"The DMV handbook states that you should signal when you turn because Always signal when you turn change lanes slow down or stop. You can signal using your vehicle's signal lights or using hand-and-arm positions."
"Dim your high-beam headlights to low beams within 500 feet of a vehicle coming toward you."
"The DMV handbook states on page 11 Use your headlights: - When conditions (such as clouds dust smoke or fog) prevent you from seeing other vehicles."
"The handbook states that It is illegal to drive using only parking lights."
"The DMV handbook states that drivers should signal At least 100 feet before you turn."
"The DMV handbook states: Use your headlights... When it is too dark to see from 1000 feet away."
"It is illegal to drive using only parking lights. It is illegal to drive using only parking lights."
"According to page 11 of the handbook you should Dim your high-beam headlights to low beams within 500 feet of a vehicle coming toward you or within 300 feet of a vehicle you are following."
"You should turn off your signal when you no longer need it."
"The DMV handbook states If you need to use your windshield wipers due to fog rain or snow you must turn on your low-beam headlights."
"According to the handbook Use your headlights: On mountain roads and tunnels (even on sunny days)."
"According to the handbook Dim your high-beam headlights to low beams within 500 feet of a vehicle coming toward you or within 300 feet of a vehicle you are following. This information is found on page 11 of the DMV handbook."
"The handbook states If you can see a collision or hazard ahead warn drivers behind you using these methods:- Turn on your emergency flashers. - Lightly tap your brake pedal three or four times - Use a hand signal when slowing and stopping."
"According to the California Driver's Handbook You should signal: ... Before pulling next to the curb or away from the curb."
"If you can see a collision or hazard ahead warn drivers behind you using these methods: Turn on your emergency flashers. Lightly tap your brake pedal three or four times. Use a hand signal when slowing and stopping."
"The DMV handbook states that drivers should pull off the road away from all traffic when they need to stop due to vehicle trouble. This indicates that drivers should move as far away from traffic as possible when parking on a public road."
"The handbook states If you need to stop because of vehicle trouble: - Turn on your emergency flashers. If your vehicle does not have emergency flashers use your turn signals."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 12: Use your vehicle's horn to let other drivers know you are there or warn others of a hazard. Use your horn to: Avoid collisions. Alert oncoming traffic on narrow mountain roads where you cannot see at least 200 feet ahead."
"Two sets of solid double yellow lines spaced two or more feet apart are considered a barrier. Do not drive on or over this barrier make a left turn or make a U-turn across it except at designated openings."
"The DMV handbook states Do not pass over double solid yellow lines... make a left turn... except at designated openings. (Page 13)"
"A broken yellow line indicates you may pass if the broken line is next to your driving lane. Only pass when it is safe."
"The handbook states that Two sets of solid double yellow lines spaced two or more feet apart are considered a barrier. Do not drive on or over this barrier make a left turn or make a U-turn across it except at designated openings."
"A broken yellow line indicates you may pass if the broken line is next to your driving lane. Only pass when it is safe."
"The DMV Handbook on page 14 states Before you change lanes: ... Look over your shoulder in the direction you plan to move to make sure the lane is clear."
"The DMV handbook states Before you change lanes: Signal. Check your mirrors. Check traffic behind and beside you. Look over your shoulder in the direction you plan to move to make sure the lane is clear. Check your blind spots for other vehicles motorcyclists and bicyclists. Do not let the vehicle drift into another lane."
"The DMV handbook states that the left lane or the lane next to the center line should be used for passing or making a left turn. This lane would be safest for driving on a multi-lane street with two-way traffic as it keeps you away from the oncoming traffic."
"Carpool lanes are marked with a diamond symbol and the words Carpool Lane. To use an HOV lane one of these must apply: - You have a certain number of people in your vehicle. There will be signs at the on-ramp or along the road to tell you the minimum number of people. Road signs also list the hours when the HOV rules apply."
"Continuously changing lanes to pass other vehicles is dangerous as it can lead to collisions. Stay in one lane as much as possible. Do not weave in and out of traffic. Last minute lane or direction changes may increase the risk of collisions."
"According to the DMV handbook on a two-lane road with five or more vehicles behind you you must use a turnout area or lane to let other vehicles pass when you are driving slowly where passing is unsafe. You must use a turnout area or lane to let other vehicles pass when you are driving slowly on a two-lane road where passing is unsafe and there are five or more vehicles following you."
"To make a right turn drive close to the right edge of the road. If a designated right turn lane is available enter at the opening. You can drive in a bike lane within 200 feet from the turn. Check for bicyclists in your blind spots."
"The DMV Handbook states: You can drive in a bike lane within 200 feet from the turn. Check for bicyclists in your blind spots."
"To make a right turn the DMV handbook states that you should Start signaling about 100 feet before the turn."
"According to page 18 To make a right turn: ...Watch for pedestrians bicyclists or motorcyclists between your vehicle and the curb. ...Start signaling about 100 feet before the turn. ...Look over your right shoulder and reduce your speed. ...Look both ways (left-right-left) and turn when it is safe."
"To make a right turn you should slow down and drive close to the right edge of the road. "
"To make a right turn Drive close to the right edge of the road. ... Stop behind the limit line. ... Look both ways (left-right-left) and turn when it is safe."
"The correct answer is Signal your turn and slow down. The DMV handbook states To make a right turn: Drive close to the right edge of the road. ... Start signaling about 100 feet before the turn. ... Look over your right shoulder and reduce your speed."
"The DMV handbook states To turn left: Drive close to the center divider or into the left turn lane. On a one-way street you should be driving in the far left lane so to turn left you should remain in that lane."
"To make a right turn you should end your turn in the lane closest to the right edge of the road. Do not swing wide into another lane of traffic."
"According to page 20 of the DMV Handbook To make a U-turn signal and use the left turn lane or far-left lane."
"According to page 20 To make a right turn: Drive close to the right edge of the road... Complete your turn in the right lane. Do not turn wide into another lane."
"According to page 20 Never make a U-turn... in business districts (the part of a city or town where most offices and businesses are)."
"You may turn left against a red light when you are turning from a one-way street onto a one-way street. Make sure there is no sign prohibiting the turn. Yield to other vehicles pedestrians or bicyclists who have a green light. Look both ways and turn when it is safe."
"According to the DMV handbook on page 21 Left turn from a one-way street onto a one-way street. Start the turn from the far-left lane."
"According to page 21 Left turn from a one-way street onto a one-way street. Start the turn from the far-left lane. If there are three or more lanes in your direction of travel you may end your turn in any lane that is open."
"When you enter a highway you will need to...Be at or near the speed of traffic."
"The DMV handbook states that when merging onto a highway Be in the proper lane on the on-ramp. - Be at or near the speed of traffic."
"When entering traffic from a full stop signal and leave a large enough space to get up to the speed of traffic. To merge enter or exit traffic you need a space that is: - Half a block on city streets which is about 150 feet. - A full block on the highway which is about 300 feet."
"Even if you have a green light do not start across the intersection if there are pedestrians or vehicles blocking your pathway. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"According to the DMV handbook When entering traffic you must proceed with caution and yield to the traffic already occupying the lanes. (Page 23) Therefore a vehicle entering a roadway from a driveway must stop and yield the right-of-way to vehicles already on the roadway and to pedestrians."
"The DMV handbook states Be in the proper lane on the on-ramp. - Be at or near the speed of traffic. - Merge into highway traffic when safe to do so. Do not stop unless absolutely necessary. "
"The California Driver's Handbook states Signal at least five seconds before you change lanes on a freeway. This is the same as approximately 400 feet."
"To exit a highway safely you should know your exit and be aware of when it is approaching. If you plan to change lanes do so one at a time. Signal and look over your shoulder to check your blind spots. When in the proper lane signal five seconds (approximately 400 feet) before you exit."
"Even if you have a green light do not start across the intersection if there are pedestrians or vehicles blocking your pathway. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"Even if you have a green light do not start across the intersection if there are pedestrians or vehicles blocking your pathway. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"You should not pass another vehicle when someone is likely to enter or cross the road. Do Not Pass: At crossroads and driveways. - Unless you have enough space to return to your lane."
"When turning left do not assume that an oncoming vehicle with its right turn signal on is turning before it reaches you. The driver may have their signal on by mistake or plan to turn just beyond you. Wait for the vehicle to start its turn before beginning the left turn."
"Even if you have a green light do not start across the intersection if there are pedestrians or vehicles blocking your pathway. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"According to the DMV Handbook Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass."
"The DMV handbook states Unless you have enough space to return to your lane. This means you should only pass if there is enough space in the lane ahead of the vehicle."
"The DMV handbook states on page 24 that Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass."
"According to the DMV Handbook Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass. (Page 25)"
"The DMV handbook states on page 25 that 'Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass.'"
"Coasting with the gear shift in neutral is against the law. Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass. This is a dangerous practice."
"The DMV Handbook clearly states that you Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass. This means that driving off the road to pass another vehicle is never allowed even in the cases provided as options."
"According to the DMV Handbook Never drive off the paved or main-traveled part of the road to pass."
"The DMV handbook describes the steps for parallel parking on page 26. The correct answer is option c Stop next to the vehicle in front of the open space and then back into the space."
"When you park on a hill your vehicle could roll due to equipment failure. Remember to set the parking brake and leave the vehicle in park or in gear for manual transmission."
"To prevent your vehicle from rolling you must set the parking brake and leave the vehicle in park or in gear for manual transmission."
"Before backing up it is important to check for hazards in front and behind the vehicle. Observe traffic and check appropriate blind spots. (Page 26)"
"To parallel park: ... 5. Straighten out. Begin turning the steering wheel away from the curb when your rear wheel is within 18 inches of the curb. You may need to pull forward and backward to straighten out. Your vehicle should now be parallel and within 18 inches of the curb."
"Parallel parking is defined as parking in line with the road and other parked vehicles. The DMV handbook states that on page 26: Parallel parking is when you park in line with the road and other parked vehicles."
"The DMV Handbook states: Remember to set the parking brake and leave the vehicle in park or in gear for manual transmission."
"The DMV handbook states that Stay aware of what is behind you when backing up. This implies backing up is always dangerous. To back up in a straight line: 1. Traffic check. Observe traffic and check appropriate blind spots."
"To park uphill with no curb turn your front wheels left towards the center of the road. This will cause your vehicle to roll slightly backward towards the shoulder if the brakes fail preventing it from rolling into traffic. Headed uphill: Turn your front wheels away from the curb (lefttowards the center of the road) and let your vehicle roll back a few inches. The wheel should gently touch the curb."
"When parked uphill next to a curb your front wheels should be turned away from the curb. This will cause the vehicle to roll back gently against the curb if the brakes fail. Headed uphill: Turn your front wheels away from the curb (left-towards the center of the road) and let your vehicle roll back a few inches. The wheel should gently touch the curb."
"According to page 27 Blue: Parking for a disabled person or someone driving a disabled person with a special placard or special license plate."
"To prevent rolling downhill when parked on a hill with no curb turn your front wheels to the right away from the street. Headed uphill: Turn your front wheels away from the curb (left - towards the center of the road) and let your vehicle roll back a few inches. The wheel should gently touch the curb. "
"The DMV Handbook on page 27 states: Headed uphill: Turn your front wheels away from the curb (left - towards the center of the road) and let your vehicle roll back a few inches. The wheel should gently touch the curb."
"According to page 27 Blue: Parking for a disabled person or someone driving a disabled person with a special placard or special license plate."
"To prevent your vehicle from rolling into traffic if the brakes fail you should turn your front wheels to the right toward the side of the road. Turn the wheels so the vehicle will roll away from the center of the road if the brakes fail. Downhill: turn the wheels toward the curb. "
"According to the DMV handbook Blue: Parking for a disabled person or someone driving a disabled person with a special placard or special license plate."
"According to the DMV handbook Red: No stopping standing or parking."
"The handbook states that Never park or leave your vehicle... in the crosshatched (diagonal lines) area next to a designated disabled parking space."
"The DMV handbook states on page 28 that Never park or leave your vehicle... Double parked."
"The DMV handbook lists various parking restrictions. Never park or leave your vehicle: - In a tunnel... ...On a sidewalk partially blocking a sidewalk or in front of a driveway. ...Double parked. "
"According to page 28 Never park or leave your vehicle... In the crosshatched (diagonal lines) area next to a designated disabled parking space."
"According to page 28 Never park or leave your vehicle... - In a space designated for parking or fueling zero-emission vehicles unless you are driving a zero-emission vehicle. - Within 15 feet of a fire hydrant or fire station driveway. - Within 20 feet of an unmarked or marked crosswalk or within 15 feet of a crosswalk where a curb extension is present. - Between a safety zone and curb. - Double parked. - On the wrong side of the street or on a freeway except: - In an emergency. - When a law enforcement officer requires a stop. - Where a stop is specifically permitted. - Where a No Parking sign is posted. - On a marked or unmarked crosswalk. - On a sidewalk partially blocking a sidewalk or in front of a driveway. - Within three feet of a sidewalk ramp for disabled persons. - In front of or on a curb that provides wheelchair access to a sidewalk. - In the crosshatched (diagonal lines) area next to a designated disabled parking space."
"A wide yellow curb means Load and unload passengers and freight. Do not stop longer than the time posted. "
"According to the DMV Handbook Red: No stopping standing or parking."
"According to page 28 of the DMV handbook Never park or leave your vehicle: ... On a marked or unmarked crosswalk."
"According to the DMV Handbook 'Never park or leave your vehicle... Double parked.' This statement indicates that double parking is illegal in all circumstances."
"A red arrow means STOP. Do not turn at a red arrow. Remain stopped until a green traffic signal light or green arrow appears."
"A flashing red traffic signal light means STOP. After stopping you may go when it is safe."
"A flashing yellow traffic signal light is a warning to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Slow down and be alert. You do not need to stop."
"A flashing yellow light means CAUTION. You do not need to stop. Proceed with caution. Slow down and be alert. "
"Even if you have a green light you must still yield to vehicles bicyclists or pedestrians already in the intersection. You should still stop for any vehicle bicyclist or pedestrian in the intersection. Only proceed if you have enough space without creating a danger to any oncoming vehicle bicyclist or pedestrian. "
"A flashing yellow traffic signal light is a warning to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Slow down and be alert. You do not need to stop. "
"The DMV handbook states Only proceed if you have enough space without creating a danger to any oncoming vehicle bicyclist or pedestrian. Do not enter the intersection if you cannot get completely across before the traffic signal light turns red."
"A flashing yellow light means proceed with caution. A flashing yellow traffic signal light is a warning to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Slow down and be alert. You do not need to stop."
"A flashing yellow traffic signal light is a warning to PROCEED WITH CAUTION. Slow down and be alert. You do not need to stop. "
"Even though the signal light may be green you must still yield to pedestrians even if the DON'T WALK light is flashing. Drivers must yield to pedestrians even if the DON'T WALK light is flashing."
"Even if the 'DON'T WALK' sign is flashing and your light has turned green you must yield to pedestrians in the crosswalk. The DMV handbook states Drivers must yield to pedestrians even if the DON'T WALK light is flashing."
"According to page 35 Make a full stop before entering the crosswalk or at the limit line. If there is no limit line or crosswalk stop before entering the intersection."
"According to page 35 of the DMV handbook Make a full stop before entering the crosswalk or at the limit line. If there is no limit line or crosswalk stop before entering the intersection. Check traffic in all directions before proceeding."
"According to the DMV handbook Make a full stop before entering the crosswalk or at the limit line. If there is no limit line or crosswalk stop before entering the intersection. Check traffic in all directions before proceeding."
"Pennant-shaped signs warn you of specific road conditions and dangers ahead. [Page 37]"
"The 'One Way' sign is a white regulatory sign and according to the DMV Handbook Follow the sign's instruction. For example DO NOT ENTER means do not enter the road or ramp where the sign is posted. Therefore the correct answer is Drivers must travel only in the direction of the arrow."
"The DMV handbook states that a Yellow and Black Circular Sign or X-shaped Sign is a railroad crossing sign. R R You are approaching a railroad crossing. Look listen slow down and prepare to stop. A crossbuck is an X-shaped sign."
"On page 37 the DMV handbook states that Red and White Regulatory Sign Follow the sign's instruction."
"The DMV handbook states The picture inside the circle shows what you cannot do and may be shown with words."
"The DMV handbook states Yellow and Black Circular Sign or X-shaped Sign You are approaching a railroad crossing. Look listen slow down and prepare to stop. Let any trains pass before you proceed."
"The DMV handbook states that Pedestrians always have the right-of-way. This includes people with disabilities using a wheelchair. Therefore you should remain stopped until the motorized wheelchair has safely finished crossing."
"The DMV Handbook states that at intersections without 'Stop' or 'Yield' signs 'the vehicle that arrives to the intersection first has the right-of-way'."
"The DMV handbook states that The vehicle that arrives to the intersection first has the right-of-way. However if a vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist gets to the intersection at the same time as you give the right-of-way to the vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist on your right."
"The DMV Handbook states that If a vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist gets to the intersection at the same time as you give the right-of-way to the vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist on your right."
"According to page 38 Vehicles bicyclists and pedestrians on the through road (continuing to go straight) have the right-of-way. This means that the vehicle entering the T-intersection must yield to traffic on the road it is leaving."
"The DMV handbook states that The vehicle that arrives to the intersection first has the right-of-way. However if a vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist gets to the intersection at the same time as you give the right-of-way to the vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist on your right."
"When turning left you must check for pedestrians. Give the right-of-way to any pedestrian or approaching vehicle that is close enough to be dangerous."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 39 that it is against the law to block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"The DMV handbook states: If a vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist gets to the intersection at the same time as you give the right-of-way to the vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist on your right."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 39 If a vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist gets to the intersection at the same time as you give the right-of-way to the vehicle pedestrian or bicyclist on your right."
"You must stop for pedestrians at a crosswalk. Pedestrians always have the right-of-way. Here are some right-of-way rules at intersections: - Green traffic signal light: Proceed with caution. Pedestrians have the right-of-way."
"It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"The DMV handbook states that When entering traffic you must proceed with caution and yield to the traffic already occupying the lanes. Therefore you must wait for the car to go through before you turn."
"According to the DMV handbook When entering traffic you must proceed with caution and yield to the traffic already occupying the lanes. This statement clearly indicates that a driver approaching an intersection must yield to traffic already in the intersection."
"The DMV handbook states on page 39: It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red. It is against the law to stop or block an intersection where there is not enough space to completely cross before the traffic signal light turns red."
"According to the DMV Handbook when entering a roundabout with multiple lanes to make a right turn you should Choose the right lane and exit in the right lane. This is described on Page 40 in the section titled Roundabouts."
"The DMV handbook states If the roundabout has multiple lanes choose your entry or exit lane based on your destination. To go straight you can enter either lane and exit in the same lane. This is confirmed by the example provided Go straight (red car): Choose either lane. Exit in the lane you entered."
"In a roundabout traffic travels in one direction around a central island. Travel in a counter-clockwise direction. Do not stop or pass."
"Pedestrians using guide dogs or white canes have the right-of-way at all times. Pedestrians who are Blind section on page 41."
"The handbook states that Pedestrians have the right-of-way in marked or unmarked crosswalks."
"According to the DMV handbook all of the listed options are incorrect driving behaviors near pedestrians. Option a states that it is illegal to drive on a sidewalk option b states that drivers should not pass a vehicle that has stopped at a crosswalk. The handbook states Do not pass a vehicle stopped at a crosswalk. You may not be able to see a pedestrian crossing the street. The handbook also states You may drive on or cross a sidewalk to enter or exit a driveway or alley."
"Pedestrians using guide dogs or white canes have the right-of-way at all times."
"Pedestrians always have the right-of-way. When there is a pedestrian crossing a roadway with or without a crosswalk you **must** use caution reduce your speed or stop to allow the pedestrian to safely finish crossing."
"Pedestrians using guide dogs or white canes have the right-of-way at all times. These pedestrians are partially or totally blind."
"The DMV handbook states that large trucks have large blind spots and that if you cannot see the truck's side mirrors the truck driver cannot see you."
"The DMV book states that Large vehicle and truck drivers have a better view in front of them and bigger mirrors. But they also have large blind spots also called No Zones. In these areas your vehicle can disappear from a large vehicle or truck driver's view. If you cannot see the truck's side mirrors the truck driver cannot see you."
"Large vehicle and truck drivers have a better view in front of them and bigger mirrors. But they also have large blind spots also called No Zones. In these areas your vehicle can disappear from a large vehicle or truck driver's view. If you cannot see the truck's side mirrors the truck driver cannot see you."
"The text on page 42 states 'When driving near large vehicles and trucks do not... Follow too closely. Tailgating decreases a vehicle's safety distance.'"
"The DMV handbook states Large vehicle and truck drivers have a better view in front of them and bigger mirrors. But they also have large blind spots also called No Zones. In these areas your vehicle can disappear from a large vehicle or truck driver's view. If you cannot see the truck's side mirrors the truck driver cannot see you."
"The DMV handbook states that Large vehicle and truck drivers have a better view in front of them and bigger mirrors. But they also have large blind spots also called No Zones. In these areas your vehicle can disappear from a large vehicle or truck driver's view."
"The DMV handbook on page 42 states that large vehicles and truck drivers have larger blind spots than most passenger vehicles. Large vehicle and truck drivers have a better view in front of them and bigger mirrors. But they also have large blind spots also called No Zones. In these areas your vehicle can disappear from a large vehicle or truck driver's view."
"Farther behind the truck than you would a passenger vehicle to be out of the truck drivers blind spot. This is emphasized in the Blind Spots (The No Zone) section of the handbook on page 42: If you cannot see the truck's side mirrors the truck driver cannot see you."
"The DMV handbook states on page 42 that Large vehicles and commercial trucks take longer to stop than passenger vehicles traveling at the same speed."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 42 Large vehicles and commercial trucks take longer to stop than passenger vehicles traveling at the same speed. When traveling they create extra space in front of their vehicle to use if they need to stop suddenly."
"The DMV handbook states Safety zones are spaces set aside for pedestrians waiting for buses streetcars and trolleys. Safety zones are marked by raised buttons or markers on a road. Do not drive through a safety zone under any condition."
"The DMV handbook states on page 44 Motorcycles are smaller in size and harder to see so they easily disappear in vehicle blind spots. Therefore the correct answer is **b**."
"According to the DMV handbook page 44 you must Give the right-of-way to any law enforcement vehicle fire engine ambulance or other emergency vehicle using a siren and red lights. Drive to the right edge of the road and stop until the emergency vehicle(s) have passed."
"According to the DMV handbook on page 44 Allow a safe three-second following distance. This space will help you avoid hitting a motorcyclist if they brake suddenly or fall."
"Motorcyclists have the same rights and responsibilities as other vehicle drivers. Motorcyclists have the same rights and responsibilities as other vehicle drivers. - DMV Handbook Page 44"
"The DMV handbook states on page 44 Give the right-of-way to any law enforcement vehicle fire engine ambulance or other emergency vehicle using a siren and red lights. Failure to pull over may result in a ticket. Drive to the right edge of the road and stop until the emergency vehicle(s) have passed."
"According to the DMV Handbook Give the right-of-way to any law enforcement vehicle fire engine ambulance or other emergency vehicle using a siren and red lights. Failure to pull over may result in a ticket. Drive to the right edge of the road and stop until the emergency vehicle(s) have passed."
"On page 45 the DMV Handbook states Watch for slow-moving vehicles when you see these signs or markings: - NEV USE ONLY - NEV ROUTE. NEVs and LSVs reach a maximum speed of 25 mph."
"The DMV handbook states When you cannot change lanes to pass a bicyclist allow at least three feet between your vehicle and the bicyclist. If you cannot give three feet of space do not pass the cyclist until three feet of clearance can be given."
"The DMV handbook states that drivers must leave at least three feet of space when passing a bicyclist. When you cannot change lanes to pass a bicyclist allow at least three feet between your vehicle and the bicyclist. If you cannot give three feet of space do not pass the cyclist until three feet of clearance can be given. This will help you avoid putting the bicyclist in danger."
"According to the DMV handbook you must leave at least three feet of space between your vehicle and the bicyclist when passing. If you cannot give three feet of space do not pass the cyclist until three feet of clearance can be given. This means you must not squeeze past the bicyclist."
"You will see warning signs and message boards when there are workers slow-moving equipment and closed lanes ahead. Go through the work zone carefully by: Slowing down. Allowing extra space between vehicles. Expecting sudden slowing or stopping. Watching for drivers changing lanes. Avoiding distractions."
"Obey any direction order or signal given by a law enforcement officer or firefighter. Follow their orders even if they conflict with existing signs signals or laws."
"A diamond-shaped sign on a truck means that the truck's load may be dangerous (gas explosives etc.)."
"Obey any direction order or signal given by a law enforcement officer or firefighter. Follow their orders even if they conflict with existing signs signals or laws."
"You should obey all signs signals and instructions given by flaggers in work zones.Obey special signs or instructions from workers such as flaggers."
"According to the DMV handbook 'Obey any direction order or signal given by a law enforcement officer or firefighter. Follow their orders even if they conflict with existing signs signals or laws.' This rule applies to construction flaggers as well."
"The DMV handbook states that drivers must obey special signs or instructions from workers such as flaggers. This is found on page 49 under the section Road Workers And Work Zones."
"When a school bus flashes yellow lights you must slow down and prepare to stop. Some school buses flash yellow lights when preparing to stop to let children off the bus. The yellow flashing lights warn you to slow down and prepare to stop."
"The DMV handbook states that you should Be sure to obey their directions at all times. when referring to school safety patrols or crossing guards."
"According to page 50 of the DMV handbook When the bus flashes red lights (located at the top front and back of the bus) you must stop from either direction until the children are safely across the street and the lights stop flashing. Remain stopped while the red lights are flashing."
"The DMV handbook states The speed limit is 25 mph within 500 feet of a school while children are outside or crossing the street."
"You must stop from either direction until the children are safely across the street and the lights stop flashing. Remain stopped while the red lights are flashing."
"The DMV Handbook states: You must drive slower when there is heavy traffic or bad weather. At the same time you should not block normal and reasonable traffic flow by driving too slowly. If you drive faster or slower than the speed limit you may be cited."
"You must stop when a school bus flashes its red lights. When the bus flashes red lights (located at the top front and back of the bus) you must stop from either direction until the children are safely across the street and the lights stop flashing. Remain stopped while the red lights are flashing."
"While driving slowly on the freeway in the far left lane might not be illegal it can frustrate other drivers and make them angry. It can also block normal and reasonable traffic flow. If you drive faster or slower than the speed limit you may be cited. (Page 50)"
"You must stop for a school bus that is flashing red lights. When the bus flashes red lights (located at the top front and back of the bus) you must stop from either direction until the children are safely across the street and the lights stop flashing."
"The DMV handbook states that when a school bus flashes yellow lights it means the bus is preparing to stop and you should slow down and prepare to stop. When the bus flashes red lights (located at the top front and back of the bus) you must stop from either direction until the children are safely across the street and the lights stop flashing."
"The DMV handbook states Be sure to obey their directions at all times. This indicates that you must follow the instructions of school safety patrols or crossing guards regardless of the time or situation."
"The handbook states that You must drive slower when there is heavy traffic or bad weather. At the same time you should not block normal and reasonable traffic flow by driving too slowly."
"The handbook states Be sure to obey their directions at all times. on page 50."
"According to the DMV handbook When the bus flashes red lights (located at the top front and back of the bus) you must stop from either direction until the children are safely across the street and the lights stop flashing. Remain stopped while the red lights are flashing."
"The DMV handbook states that while you should drive slower in heavy traffic or bad weather you should not block traffic by driving too slowly. At the same time you should not block normal and reasonable traffic flow by driving too slowly."
"The DMV handbook states on page 51: The speed limit is 15 mph within 100 feet of a railroad crossing and you cannot see the tracks for 400 feet in both directions."
"You must wait until you can completely cross the railroad tracks before proceeding. Never stop on the railroad tracks. Wait and do not begin proceeding if you do not have enough room to completely cross the tracks. If you are on the tracks you risk injury or death."
"The DMV Handbook states that the speed limit is 15 mph within 100 feet of a railroad crossing and you cannot see the tracks for 400 feet in both directions. This applies to intersections as well. The speed limit is 15 mph for a blind intersection if your view is blocked move slowly forward until you can see."
"According to the DMV handbook Never stop on the railroad tracks. Wait and do not begin proceeding if you do not have enough room to completely cross the tracks. If you are on the tracks you risk injury or death."
"The DMV Handbook states that The speed limit is 25 mph unless otherwise posted. This statement can be found on page 51."
"The DMV handbook states on page 51: The speed limit in an alley is 15 mph."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 51 The speed limit is 15 mph within 100 feet of a railroad crossing and you cannot see the tracks for 400 feet in both directions."
"The DMV handbook states that the speed limit is 15 mph within 100 feet of a railroad crossing and you cannot see the tracks for 400 feet in both directions. The speed limit is 15 mph within 100 feet of a railroad crossing and you cannot see the tracks for 400 feet in both directions."
"The DMV handbook states that you must stop at least 15 feet from the nearest track if ...when the crossing devices or a person warns you a train is coming.... This implies that if you don't have room to cross safely you should not proceed. Additionally it states Never stop on the railroad tracks. Wait and do not begin proceeding if you do not have enough room to completely cross the tracks. If you are on the tracks you risk injury or death."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 52 You must drive in the far-right lane or a lane marked for slower vehicles when you: ... Tow a vehicle or trailer. It also states You cannot carry anything in or on a passenger vehicle which extends beyond the fenders on the left side or more than 6-inches beyond the fenders on the right side."
"The DMV handbook states that the speed limit is 25 mph in business or residential districts unless otherwise posted. The speed limit is 25 mph unless otherwise posted."
"The handbook states on page 53 that A person convicted of causing serious bodily injury during a law enforcement pursuit is subject to imprisonment in a state prison for up to seven years or a county jail for one year or less."
"The DMV book states on page 53 that DMV monitors your driver's record. If you are stopped by a law enforcement officer and cited (ticketed) for a traffic violation...As an adult or minor if you get a traffic ticket and fail to appear (FTA) in court DMV may suspend your driving privilege until you appear...As an adult your license may be suspended if your driver's record shows one of the following point totals: - 4 points in 12 months. - 6 points in 24 months. - 8 points in 36 months."
"The DMV handbook states A person convicted of reckless driving or engaging in a speed contest that causes injury to another person is subject to imprisonment a fine or both."
"The DMV Handbook states to always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle on page 57."
"The DMV handbook recommends that you change lanes and allow the tailgater to pass when safe to do so. Maintain your course and speed. Then when safe to do so merge right to change into another lane and allow the tailgater to pass."
"The DMV Handbook emphasizes the importance of controlling your emotions while driving stating: If you become angry or upset you should 'cool off' before driving."
"The three-second rule is a driving rule that helps you estimate how closely you should follow other vehicles. When the vehicle in front of you passes a certain point such as a sign count three seconds. If you pass the same point before you finish counting you are following too closely."
"The DMV handbook states that 'To give yourself time to react avoid last minute moves and hazards always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle.'"
"The DMV handbook defines road rage as Aggressive or angry behavior by a driver often involving a vehicle while driving such as cutting off another vehicle or threatening another motorist or a pedestrian. It is found on page 57."
"Tailgating is following too closely which can frustrate other drivers and make them angry. The DMV handbook states that it is important to leave a safe following distance. "
"The DMV handbook states that to give yourself time to react avoid last minute moves and hazards always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle."
"The reaction distance is the distance your vehicle will travel while you perceive the hazard and begin to react. It is the sum of the perception distance and the braking distance. To give yourself time to react avoid last minute moves and hazards always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle."
"Scanning the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle helps you avoid last minute moves and hazards. To give yourself time to react avoid last minute moves and hazards always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle."
"The handbook says 'To give yourself time to react avoid last minute moves and hazards always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle.'"
"Tailgating is defined as following too closely which means you will not have enough time to react if the driver in front of you brakes suddenly. Tailgating makes it harder for you to see the road ahead because the vehicle in front of you blocks your view. You will not have enough time to react if the driver in front of you brakes suddenly. "
"The DMV handbook states that To give yourself time to react avoid last minute moves and hazards always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle."
"The three-second rule is a driving rule that helps you estimate how closely you should follow other vehicles. When the vehicle in front of you passes a certain point such as a sign count three seconds. If you pass the same point before you finish counting you are following too closely. Increasing your following distance when driving in adverse weather conditions will help you avoid a collision. This is also recommended in heavy fog or smoke. "
"To avoid last minute moves always keep your eyes moving and scan the road at least 10 seconds ahead of your vehicle."
"The DMV handbook states If a vehicle merges in front of you too closely take your foot off the accelerator. This creates space between you and the vehicle ahead. Therefore the best option is to adjust your speed and position to avoid a collision. The other options are not safe as they could result in a collision."
"To avoid being hit from the rear when turning it's important to check your rearview mirror often to be aware of traffic behind you. Knowing what is behind you can help you avoid rear-end collisions. The handbook states that checking traffic behind you often by using your rearview mirror side mirrors and turning your head is important when preparing to turn. This allows you to be aware of approaching vehicles and react accordingly."
"You must check your blind spots before you open your car door. Check your blind spots before you: ... Open your car door."
"Before changing lanes you should check your blind spots by looking over your shoulder to ensure there are no vehicles you cannot see in your mirrors. To check your blind spots look over your right and left shoulders out of your side windows. Only turn your head when you look. Do not turn your whole body or steering wheel. (Page 58)"
"According to page 59 When driving at night use your high-beam headlights on open country roads or dark city streets. Make sure you can stop in the distance lit by your headlights."
"When driving at night with no other vehicles ahead a driver should use high-beam headlights. When driving at night use your high-beam headlights on open country roads or dark city streets."
"If your brakes fail you should quickly pump the brakes by gently applying and releasing pressure on your brake pedal. If pumping the brakes doesn't work downshift your vehicle into a lower gear to slow down. Then try using your emergency brake to stop. "
"The DMV Handbook states that Shift to low gear before going down a steep hill on page 60. This is to help prevent skidding on a slippery surface."
"On page 60 of the handbook it states: To get out of a locked wheel skid if your vehicle is equipped with: Four-wheel antilock braking system (ABS) apply firm pressure on the brake pedal."
"The DMV handbook states Slow down as you approach intersections and curves. This helps prevent skidding on slippery surfaces by allowing you to adjust your speed before entering the curve or intersection."
"The DMV handbook states that When it starts to rain the pavement can be very slippery. This is because the oil and dust on the road's surface have not been washed away making the road more slippery. Therefore the correct answer is **b**. "
"The DMV handbook states that when driving on a slippery road you should Drive more slowly than you would on a dry road. Adjust your speed for different conditions: - Wet road: Reduce your speed by 5 to 10 mph. - Packed snow: Reduce your speed by half. - Ice: Reduce your speed to no more than 5 mph. This suggests that pressing the brakes in slow steady strokes is the safest option when encountering slippery road conditions."
"According to the DMV Handbook Bridges and overpasses tend to freeze before the rest of the road. They can have icy spots."
"According to page 61 When driving in heavy fog or smoke: ... Use your low-beam headlights. High-beam headlights will reflect back and cause glare. Never drive using only your parking or fog lights."
"The DMV handbook states on page 61 When it starts to rain the pavement can be very slippery. Slow down at the first sign of rain drizzle or snow on the road. This is especially true if it has been dry and hot for some time because oil and dust on the road's surface have not been washed away."
"The DMV Handbook states on page 61 Shade from trees or buildings can hide icy spots on cold wet days. These areas freeze first and dry out last."
"The most important thing to do in this scenario is to get yourself out of the car before it sinks. It is important to understand the dangers of water on the road including: Being swept off the road. Floating debris and unseen hazards. The road collapsing. Vehicle malfunction."
"According to the DMV Handbook It is best to avoid driving in heavy fog or smoke. Consider postponing your trip until the fog clears. If you must drive in heavy fog or smoke: - Drive slowly. - Use your low-beam headlights. High-beam headlights will reflect back and cause glare. - Never drive using only your parking or fog lights. - Make sure you can stop within the space you can see ahead."
"The DMV Handbook states It is best to avoid driving in heavy fog or smoke. Consider postponing your trip until the fog clears."
"The DMV handbook states: If you must drive in heavy fog or smoke... Use your low-beam headlights. High-beam headlights will reflect back and cause glare. Never drive using only your parking or fog lights."
"When driving in heavy fog or smoke you should use your low-beam headlights. High-beam headlights will reflect back and cause glare. Never drive using only your parking or fog lights."
"The DMV handbook states that you should use low beams when driving in foggy conditions as high beams will reflect back and cause glare. If you must drive in heavy fog or smoke: - Drive slowly. - Use your low-beam headlights. High-beam headlights will reflect back and cause glare."
"The DMV handbook recommends increasing following distance in bad weather. Increase your following distance. (Page 63)"
"You should steer closer to the parked cars than the oncoming cars. If one danger is greater than the other give more space to the most dangerous situation. (Page 63)"
"The DMV handbook states that If you must drive in heavy fog or smoke: - Drive slowly. - Use your low-beam headlights. High-beam headlights will reflect back and cause glare. This implies that headlights should be turned on when visibility is reduced by a dust storm."
"The DMV handbook states on page 64 that Wearing the lap belt and shoulder harness of a seat belt will increase your chance of survival in most types of collisions."
"The DMV handbook states You and your passengers must wear seat belts. You can get a ticket if you do not."
"According to page 65 Wearing the lap belt and shoulder harness of a seat belt will increase your chance of survival in most types of collisions."
"The DMV handbook states that 'Wearing the lap belt and shoulder harness of a seat belt will increase your chance of survival in most types of collisions.'"
"The DMV handbook states that You must secure children with a federally-approved child passenger restraint system or safety belt. The requirements depend on the child's height and age. It goes on to say that Children who are 8 years old or older or at least 4 feet 9 inches tall: May use a properly secured safety belt that meets federal standards."
"According to the DMV handbook Children who are under 8 years old or who are less than 4 feet 9 inches tall: Secure in a child passenger restraint system in a rear seat."
"In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law. Make sure you manage your speed and slow down when conditions call for it. Regardless of the posted speed limit your speed should depend on: - The number of vehicles on the road. - The speed of other vehicles on the road. - The road surface: smooth rough graveled wet dry wide or narrow. - Bicyclists or pedestrians on or crossing the road. - Weather: rain fog snow wind or dust. - Traffic congestion: small changes in your driving habits can help reduce congestion. Avoid weaving in and out of freeway lanes. "
"The Basic Speed Law is found on page 67. It says that drivers may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. You must manage your speed and slow down when conditions call for it. Regardless of the posted speed limit your speed should depend on: ... Weather: rain fog snow wind or dust."
"The DMV handbook states In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law."
"The DMV book on page 67 states: In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law."
"The DMV handbook states that the ideal maximum speed limit on most California highways is 65 mph. It is 55 mph on a two-lane undivided highway and for vehicles towing trailers."
"The Basic Speed Law states that you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This means that regardless of the posted speed limit your speed should depend on the road surface weather traffic congestion pedestrians and other factors. In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law. Make sure you manage your speed and slow down when conditions call for it."
"The DMV book states In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law."
"The DMV handbook states In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law."
"The DMV handbook states Unless otherwise posted the ideal maximum speed limit on most California highways is 65 mph. It is 55 mph on a two-lane undivided highway and for vehicles towing trailers."
"The Basic Speed Law states that you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. You should manage your speed and slow down when conditions call for it. Regardless of the posted speed limit your speed should depend on: - The number of vehicles on the road. - The speed of other vehicles on the road. - The road surface: smooth rough graveled wet dry wide or narrow. - Bicyclists or pedestrians on or crossing the road. - Weather: rain fog snow wind or dust. - Traffic congestion: small changes in your driving habits can help reduce congestion. Avoid weaving in and out of freeway lanes."
"The DMV handbook states In California you may never drive faster than is safe for the current road conditions. This is known as the Basic Speed Law."
"According to page 68 the first step you should take if your wheels drift off the pavement is to Grip the steering wheel firmly. Remove your foot from the accelerator. Brake gently."
"If your accelerator becomes stuck you should Shift to neutral apply the brakes and try to drive the car safely off the road."
"The DMV handbook states that you should let the call go to voicemail if you do not have a hands-free device. It also advises that you pull safely off the road if you must return or make a call."
"The DMV handbook states that Adult drivers should only use a cell phone in hands-free mode when necessary. This suggests that hands-free mode is the safest option for using a cell phone while driving making option a the correct answer."
"According to the DMV handbook on page 72 If you are carrying any alcohol cannabis in your vehicle the container must be sealed and unopened. If it is open you must keep the container in the trunk or place where passengers do not sit."
"It is illegal to drive while under the influence of alcohol or any drug that affects your ability to drive safely. The law does not see a difference between illegal drugs and medications you get from a doctor or pharmacy. They can all affect your ability to drive safely and react to what you see and hear. (page 72)"
"According to the DMV handbook it is illegal to have an open alcoholic beverage container in your glove box. It is also illegal to keep an open container of alcohol in your glove box. The handbook also states that an open container of alcohol must be kept in the trunk or place where passengers do not sit."
"The DMV handbook states on page 72 It is illegal to drive after Using any combination of alcohol or drugs that decreases your ability to drive safely."
"The DMV Handbook states that It is illegal to drive while under the influence of alcohol or any drug that affects your ability to drive safely."
"The handbook defines BAC as the amount of alcohol in your blood."
"The DMV handbook states on page 72 that It is illegal to drive while under the influence of alcohol or any drug that affects your ability to drive safely. It also clarifies that The law does not see a difference between illegal drugs and medications you get from a doctor or pharmacy. They can all affect your ability to drive safely and react to what you see and hear."
"The handbook states on Page 73: It is illegal for you to drive if you have a BAC of... 0.08% or higher if you are over 21 years old."
"According to the DMV handbook if you refuse to take a blood or urine test after being suspected of driving under the influence DMV will suspend or revoke your driving privilege for one year."
"The DMV handbook states on page 73: It is illegal for you to drive if you have a BAC of 0.08% or higher if you are over 21 years old."
"Your BAC depends on all of the above: how much you drink how much time passes between drinks and your body weight. The handbook states Your BAC measures how much alcohol is present in your bloodstream."
"The handbook states Your BAC measures how much alcohol is present in your bloodstream. This clearly indicates that BAC is directly tied to The amount of alcohol you drink."
"The DMV handbook defines BAC as Your BAC is the amount of alcohol in your blood."
"Almost everyone feels negative effects of alcohol even at levels lower than the legal limit. (page 73)"
"On page 74 the DMV Handbook states: When you drive in California you consent to a breath blood or urine test if a law enforcement officer suspects you of DUI."
"The DMV handbook states on page 74 When you drive in California you consent to a breath blood or urine test if a law enforcement officer suspects you of DUI. This is the implied consent law meaning you have agreed to take a test when driving in California."
"The DMV handbook states that The most common causes of collisions are: Driver distractions. This information is found on page 76."
"The DMV handbook lists Unsafe speed Improper turns Not following the right-of-way rules Not following stop signals and signs Driving on the wrong side of the road A vehicle traveling faster or slower than the flow of traffic as common causes of collisions. Therefore all the above is the correct answer."
"The DMV handbook states on page 77 that You must report it to DMV within 10 days if: The collision caused more than $1000 in damage to property."
"The DMV handbook on page 77 states If you are in a collision you must report it to DMV within 10 days if: ... Anyone was injured or killed."
"The DMV handbook states on page 77 that you must report the accident to DMV within 10 days if The collision caused more than $1000 in damage to property."
"According to page 77 of the DMV handbook You must stop. Someone could be injured and need your help. and Call 911 right away if anyone is hurt."
"The DMV handbook states on page 77: If you are in a collision you must stop. Someone could be injured and need your help."
"If you are involved in a collision and no one is hurt move your vehicle out of traffic if possible. This is to prevent further accidents."
"The DMV handbook states that you must report a collision to DMV within 10 days if The collision caused more than $1000 in damage to property."
"The DMV handbook states on page 77: If you are in a collision you must report it to DMV within 10 days if: - The collision caused more than $1000 in damage to property."
"According to page 77 Try to find the owner if your vehicle hits or rolls into a parked car or other property. If you cannot find the owner leave a note with your name phone number and address. Securely attach the note to the vehicle or property. Report the collision to law enforcement."
"According to the California Driver's Handbook page 77 If you are in a collision you must report it to DMV within 10 days if: - The collision caused more than $1000 in damage to property. - Anyone was injured or killed."
"The DMV handbook states on page 77 If you are in a collision you must report it to DMV within 10 days if... Anyone was injured or killed. This applies even if the injuries were minor."
"The DMV handbook states Move your vehicle out of traffic if no one is hurt. Then call 911."
"The handbook states on page 79 When you sell a vehicle you must notify DMV within five days by completing a Notice of Transfer and Release of Liability at dmv.ca.gov/nrl."
"According to page 79 When you sell a vehicle you must notify DMV within five days by completing a Notice of Transfer and Release of Liability at dmv.ca.gov/nrl."
"When you sell a vehicle you must notify DMV within five days by completing a Notice of Transfer and Release of Liability at dmv.ca.gov/nrl."
"According to the DMV handbook When you sell a vehicle you must notify DMV within five days by completing a Notice of Transfer and Release of Liability."
"The DMV handbook states on page 79 When you sell a vehicle you must notify DMV within five days by completing a Notice of Transfer and Release of Liability at dmv.ca.gov/nrl."